    build a machine leaning model using file data_b.csv and using column 'target' as labels. 
    please drop columns id, date, client_id, card_id, card_number, expires, cvv. 
    column mcc is categorical. 
    First try to use all numerical columns and ignore columns with text information.\
    do feature analysis and select only top 7 features to build a final model.
      Calculate precission and recall.
    provide confusion matrix, calculate ROC_AUC. 
    after the model trained create a dictionary with the model and saved it as pickle file 'model.pickle' into the folder result. Create folder result if it not exists.

    use file data_b.csv   convert the 'expires' column into a numerical format. convert the 'expires' column into the number of months since a reference date (e.g., January 1900) to allow for correlation calculation. and check correlation between columns expires and column target. 


     build a machine leaning model using file data_b.csv and using column 'target' as labels. 
    please drop columns id, date, client_id, card_id, card_number, expires, cvv. First try to use all numerical columns and ignore columns with test information.
    calculate ROC_AUC. return the followng information: number of featurs used by the  model. run correlation of each of 5-top features with target. 
    Calculate precission and recall.
    provide confusion matrix.

         build a machine leaning model using file data_b.csv and using column 'target' as labels. 
  why there is so strong correlation  between amount and target?


  
Build  fraud detection systems using file data_b.csv and using column 'target' as labels. 
    please drop columns id, date, client_id, card_id, card_number, expires, cvv. 
Return the list features and caclulate correlation between each feature and target.  



build a clustering model using file data_b.csv.
please drop columns id, date, client_id, card_id, card_number, expires, cvv.
First try to use all numerical columns and ignore columns with text information.
column mcc is categorical. Impute columns with NA usng median.
provide descriptive information about the clusters.  Save answer as a dictionary in file named 'result.json'

good try
Build a clustering model using the file data_b.csv. Drop the columns id, date, client_id, card_id, card_number, expires, and cvv. Use all numerical columns only and ignore columns containing text; treat mcc as a categorical feature. Impute missing values in numerical columns using the median. Provide descriptive insights about each cluster, caclulate silhouette score and save the results as a dictionary in a file named result.json

modification
short

Build a clustering model using data_b.csv. Drop the columns id, date, client_id, card_id, card_number, expires, and cvv. Use only numerical features; treat mcc as categorical and encode it into 5 features. Impute missing numerical values with the median. Compute the silhouette score and provide descriptive insights for each cluster. Save the output in result.csv.

Build a clustering model using the file data_b.csv. Drop the columns id, date, client_id, card_id, card_number, expires, and cvv. Use all numerical columns only and ignore columns containing text; treat mcc as a categorical feature, create just 5 columns from mcc. Impute missing values in numerical columns using the median. Provide descriptive insights about each cluster, calculate the silhouette score  and save the results as a dictionary in a file named result.json


anomalous
Load data_b.csv and drop the columns id, date, client_id, card_id, card_number, expires, and cvv. Use the remaining features to identify anomalous transactions using an unsupervised anomaly detection method. Properly scale numerical features, handle missing values, and return:
the number of detected anomalies, show a summary of their key characteristics compared to normal transactions. Save anomalous transactions into result.csv.

Identify anomalous transactions using an unsupervised anomaly detection method. Properly scale numerical features, handle missing values, and return:
the number of detected anomalies, show a summary of their key characteristics compared to normal transactions. Save anomalous transactions into result.csv.